hello how welcome are you to the first
art tutorial in every way
blogspot dot mx this is the first
video but little by little I will go up more
so I hope you enjoy it and we start
in this first tutorial I'm going to
show how to recover a hard drive that
step from the ntfs format to the raw format the
ntfs format is a file system
which is mainly occupied in windows a
from the windows version nt its
main characteristic is that of
provide more space the partitions with
the hard drives unlike the
other formats such as the 412 fat 16 and
fat 32 that although it is old technology
still a clear example remains
for those who are not familiar with
these terms in which I also
I include is the following and that to me
it happened
before there were only memories today
it would make a lot of laugh to see but really
they existed and in their times they were very
faces
in my case I was in memories and
I still have them of 4 8 16 32 64 128
256 and 512 megas also the versions of
12 48 16 and the latest acquired 32 gb
the fact is that from 4 megabytes to 4
gigas
I never had any problem but starting
of the 8 gig version was that I knew
that was the ntfs format since the
memories came with the format fat32 and
they would not let me put more than 4 gigs I thought
that the memory is damaged but the
I tried several times and all good only
failed when I put a dvd in the usb
so when I researched I knew that for
use all the memory capacity
had to pass it to the file system
ntfs and everything is solved in the case of
raw format that I researched and that does not
find a clear definition you can
define as new or virgin since the
raúl's translation is raw
and in the computer world this
term is more concerned with photography
for those who have entered looking for something
related to wrestling
North American I ask for an apology now
that has nothing to do with road of the
ww and good enough information and
let's see how this is presented
problem in a PC will not happen to everyone
the same as me but it can serve them
to feed on that can be
happening or what can they do to
solve your problem
let's start team
suppose we try to open a
file either music video photo or such
once a common microsoft office file
excel word
we double click on the unit where
find our file
once again
As you can see, the following appears
error
and in the memory it tells us why
we can not enter our unit
where is our file the
which says the following location not
available
can not get access to the file
or directory that is damaged or is
unreadable this kind of messages always
they surprise us
so I thought it could be and I went to
properties to check the unit
as you can see the unit does not present
no information
and then I present them
a box of what unity is today
in day
again the operation
you can see the differences
they are very remarkable
another thing that is usually done in these
cases is to format the unit but only
It is done when the files contained
in the unit are no longer necessary
The next thing that occurred to me was to go to
disk manager to see what
information had collected
and it was where I realized after
observe a few seconds that the system
my unit was no longer the same and that there was
suffered a radical change
being the unit
with the ntfs file system
it happened to be a format
of type round
that as I commented the raw format
it's been a virgin or new state
therefore it has no file
but as the unit had already been
used in this case under the system
operative windows
we can see that if he has files
and therefore it has already been used
why this happens
Well, the truth is many reasons
some of us realize in others
occasions and we notice
in my case try to develop a
computer and put together another one with all my
components that I have of several
computers
but do not wait for the ipc to shut down
totally
and remove the power cord
hard drive and this was what caused the
what he did was lose the system
of ntfs files that is the one that reads
windows to access any
type of file that the disk has
by not finding that file because it's like
if you take into account that it is new
and that's what happened already having the
necessary data what you have to
do next is to say with the
Mr. vigo and ask him for all the help
necessary which I already have in my possession and
now we just need to check which of all the
information is true since everything
that is on the internet not always
it's a good solution since they have a
idea of ​​what happened now we pass to the
next stage that is recovery
of the archives